# Astrology

## Astrological Links to USFC

Unfavorable Semicircle uses the astrological symbol, or glyph, for
[Sagittarius](Sagittarius "wikilink"), ♐, to prefix all video names.

Stabilitory Newing uses the astrological glyph for
[Earth](Earth "wikilink"), ⊕

No other explicit astrology symbols or terms are used in the videos.

Modern astrology avoids using judgmental words such as 'bad' or 'good'
when interpreting an [astrological chart](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Chart), so 'Unfavorable' would
not be used professionally, though it might be used as such by amateur
astrologers or anyone not familiar with [modern Western astrology](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Modern_Astrology).

The term Semicircle has no real meaning in astrology. A semicircle could
be an indirect reference to an
[aspect](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Aspect), which are angles
between two [planets](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Planet) or
points on an astrological chart. Some aspects are considered
'unfavorable', but without any context such as the planets or points
creating the aspect, the term has no real meaning. The 'semicircle'
could be an astrological pun, since the
[Semisquare](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Semi-Square) aspect is
traditionally seen to be 'unfavorable'.

## Possible Links between USFC and Astrology

The videos [DUAL](DUAL "wikilink") and [BROTHER](BROTHER "wikilink")
could be oblique references to the zodiac sign
[Gemini](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Gemini_Gemini "wikilink"),
which is the sign in opposition to
[Sagittarius](Sagittarius "wikilink").

## Astrological References to Look For

Any numbers in the NN°nn'nn" format, where 0\>NN\>30, and 0\>nn\>60.
That's the format astrology uses for placement of planets in a sign. Any
references to planet names and specific angles. Any
latitude/longitude/time references. You need these to calculate an
astrological chart

