# Biomass

**biomass** is a copycat [YouTube](YouTube "wikilink") channel, posting
videos similar to [Unfavorable Semicircle](Unfavorable_Semicircle "wikilink") and [stabilitory
newing](stabilitory_newing "wikilink"). Its sister channel is [one
divided by zero](one_divided_by_zero "wikilink"), which is clearly
linked by having a single video by the name of "biomass" (both channels
also feature each other in their sidebars).

The videos on this channel very clearly try to mimic UFSC, even going as
far as having a [handshake](handshake "wikilink"), similar video and
audio.

## Going dark

On October 1, 2017, a Discord user posted one of the channel's videos,
"RETURN" to the chat in a mocking manner. Shortly after that, a new
video was uploaded to the channel, entitled "209", again being posted to
the chat. Minutes after that the entire content of the channel was set
to unlisted, meaning that the videos are no longer accessible from the
channel's page on YouTube but are still accessible through direct links.

The timing of the new upload and the "closing" of the channel was very
likely directly caused by the discussion in the Discord server,
considering it all happened in tandem - if not that, then the
serendipity is notable. One could assume the new upload was made as a
"response" to being mentioned in the chat while the unlisting of all
videos could be a response to the criticism received, as users in the
chat were discussing it being a lower-quality fake of the real UFSC. Of
course, as with the original, it's impossible to know for sure unless
the author comes forward with his own reasoning.

However, the fact that they seem to be watching the Discord channel
closely makes it evident that they are only a fake, as the Discord
server acts as a community hub and thus one would assume they are also
"fans" of the original author(s) - giving more weight to the prevalent
opinion that this is indeed not a genuine UFSC account.

## Rebranding

Sometime over the course of 2018, the channel has since deleted all of
its old videos and begun uploading newer videos with radically different
content than the original uploads. ¨one divided by zero¨ was deleted.
The channel still seems to respond to the UFSC Discord (deleted two
videos after they were linked in a channel).

## YouTube links

  - "biomass" on YouTube
    <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQkIdI7i2JV5N7zu2JspmzA>
  - "one divided by zero" on YouTube
    <https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfiLXU2gn5sjozpfSTReB0A>

