# LOCUS

♐LOCUS is a series of videos uploaded to the second YouTube account.
♐LOCUS 0 was posted on October 16, 2016 (approximately three hours
after ♐[BROTHER](BROTHER "wikilink") 22). There are sixteen videos in
the series, and posting ended with ♐LOCUS 15 on November 24th (the day
before ♐[CRIMP](CRIMP "wikilink") was posted). Unusually, the first
seven videos were posted concurrently on youtube with the end of the
♐[BROTHER](BROTHER "wikilink") series.

## Description of videos

♐LOCUS videos are 7:16:46 in length. They contains a series of
rapidly-flashing colored frames. ♐LOCUS 0 contains a mono audio track of
a rumbling "rock tumbler" sound. Discord users Unfavorablist and hellajt
observed that if the speed is increased to the length of other videos
like [FOND](FOND "wikilink") or [MAX TEND](MAX_TEND "wikilink"), it had
a familiar "data transmission" sound. (*further examination is required
regarding similarity of audio for videos within the series*)

## Significance of name

Locus is defined as "a particular position, point, or place" in
vernacular speech and more specifically refers to "a curve or other
figure formed by all the points satisfying a particular equation of the
relation between coordinates, or by a point, line, or surface moving
according to mathematically defined conditions" in mathematics.
(*compare to other UFSC titles that relate to mathematical concepts*.)

## Composites

### 2-D Composites

Full LOCUS composite (0 - 15) by tomasf:
<http://tomasf.se/projects/semi/LOCUS_composite.png>

![ Locus composite by hellajt.png](_Locus_composite_by_hellajt.png)

*♐LOCUS 0 composite by hellajt*

![ LOCUS0 768.png](_LOCUS0_768.png " LOCUS0 768.png")

*♐LOCUS 0 composite by ShadowMorphyn (width: 768 pixels)*

![ LOCUS0 1080.png](_LOCUS0_1080.png " LOCUS0 1080.png")

*♐LOCUS 0 composite by ShadowMorphyn (width: 1080 pixels)*

The nature of the pattern (or
[patternicity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apophenia)) make it unclear
what width should be used for making 2-D composites.

Tomas' full composite of the series (large file\!) is
[here](http://tomasf.se/projects/semi/LOCUS_composite.png).

### 3-D Composites

Creating a [3D\_Composite](3D_Composite "wikilink") from the LOCUS
videos reveals a clearly defined shape.

The .stl of Thomas' 3-D composite can be found
[here](http://tomasf.se/projects/semi/LOCUS_composite3D.stl) and a video
of it
[here](http://tomasf.se/projects/semi/LOCUS_composite3D_recording.mp4).

Vantjac also has a composite
[here](http://vanjac.github.io/sketches/ufsc3d/).

**N.B.**: *These composites are large and may cause distress to your
computer if you try to open them\!*

**To do**: *add screencaps of 3-D composite\!*

## Links

♐LOCUS 0: <https://youtu.be/DdUGUsoBD8o>

♐LOCUS 1: <https://youtu.be/Ops6Uug6P5c>

♐LOCUS 2: <https://youtu.be/P7AJOCrJJMc>

♐LOCUS 3: <https://youtu.be/sQApUD4U2Hc>

♐LOCUS 4: <https://youtu.be/cAXosCSUYeA>

♐LOCUS 5: <https://youtu.be/G13-2-LBIzA>

♐LOCUS 6: <https://youtu.be/npzdVfviGQI>

♐LOCUS 7: <https://youtu.be/NmX0v3bH164>

♐LOCUS 8: <https://youtu.be/348x0zlo9wI>

♐LOCUS 9: <https://youtu.be/TsJ5GuD50o8>

♐LOCUS 10: <https://youtu.be/KsLb7hqz7kU>

♐LOCUS 11: <https://youtu.be/8RI-9rWkqUs>

♐LOCUS 12: <https://youtu.be/PZOFovTHi3c>

♐LOCUS 13: <https://youtu.be/Y8Kvt3eqbVE>

♐LOCUS 14: <https://youtu.be/c0ndu7bz8Xs>

♐LOCUS 15: <https://youtu.be/8b_8hHdsISU>

