Unfavorable Semicircle has an ambiguous and unexplained connection to
the constellation of Sagittarius. The "♐" symbol that precedes the title
of most UFSC videos is the
\[<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagittarius_(astrology)>| astrological symbol for Sagittarius\].

[Link to Astrowiki Entry for Sagittarius](http://wiki.astro.com/astrowiki/en/Sagittarius)

Symbol: ♐

Element: Fire

Quality: Mutable

Polarity: Yang/Masculine

Ruling Planet: Jupiter

Tarot Key: The Temperance

Sun in Sagittarius: from around the 22. November to the 21. December.

Time of Year: Darkness, bare branches, the end of the lifecycle

Cultural: Harbinger of new life, Lights of Advent, Lucy, bringer of
light, Barbara branches, the buds in winter, Saint Nicholas / Santa
Claus

Physical Body: Hips and thighs, Liver

Star constellation: Sagittarius

## Interpretation

Sagittarius is the ninth sign of the zodiac. It is concerned with
integrating knowledge into a greater whole. Sagittarius gazes into the
distance - it is orientated towards the future and strives to discover
the meaning in everything. It perceives the world in a holistic manner.

Individuals with an emphasis of this sign are always trying to broaden
their horizons, whether by travelling and getting to know foreign
cultures or immersing themselves in philosophy. They want to form their
own picture of the world and collect knowledge to this end. However,
their aim is not to collect as many facts as possible but to understand
their meaning and how they come together to form a more encompassing
whole. This is the reason why they are often interested in religion and
spirituality. Faith and experience is more important to them than
knowledge. Their optimism can sometimes cause them to forget that life
also has some more unpleasant aspects and that lows follow highs. The
optimism of Sagittarian individuals can be infectious although their
optimism is sometimes followed by periods of deep depression without
them quite knowing why.

Sagittarian individuals need convictions. And they are very good at
carrying others along on their wave of enthusiasm. However, this can
sometimes turn negative: when belief turns into fanaticism and the need
to convert others or when self-righteousness takes over.

Axes and planets in the sign of Sagittarius take on Sagittarian
characteristics such as optimism, greatness and farsightedness.

Sagittarius shares the quality of versatility with its opposite sign
Gemini. But whereas for Gemini this can be an end in itself, for
Sagittarius it is a means to an end: namely to achieve a greater
understanding. Sagittarius, together with the other two fire signs Aries
and Leo, has the ability to actively change the course of life. Aries
gives the impulse, Leo is the centre of attention and Sagittarius passes
on the idea. Sagittarius can learn valuable lessons from the signs that
are in archetypal square to it: from Virgo the attention to detail and
from Pisces the trust in the flow of life.

Mercury is in detriment in Sagittarius.

## Possible Astronomical relations

*please expand\!*

## Other connections

"[ZUFCHO](ZUFCHO "wikilink")" means "star" in Hebrew. The image in the
\[<https://he.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D7%9B%D7%95%D7%9B%D7%91>|
Hebrew-language wikipedia article for "Star"\] contains an image of the
[Sagittarius](Sagittarius "wikilink") Star Cloud.
